Add .b2a_uu() entry (#4631)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/binascii-module/terms/b2a-uu/b2a-uu.md

> ---
> Title: '.b2a_uu()'
> Description: 'Returns UUEncode formatted ASCII data from binary data.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Encoding'
>   - 'Unicode'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.b2a_uu()'
Description: 'Returns UUEncoded ASCII data from binary data.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Encoding'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Unicode'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> The **.b2a_uu()** function returns ASCII data in the UUEncode format from binary data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.b2a_uu()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) returns ASCII data in the UUEncode format from binary data.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
binascii.b2a_uu(data, *, backtick=false)
```

> - data: The binary data to be converted.
> - \*: Any arguments to the right must use a keyword for entry.
> - backtick: If true, replaces 0's with `.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data`: The binary data to be UUEncoded.
- `*`: This indicates that any arguments following it must be passed using keyword syntax.
- `backtick`: When set to True, it replaces zero bytes in the uuencoded data with a backtick character `(`)`.
```

## Example

```py
import binascii

# Create binary data to encode
binaryData = b"some text"

> # Encode the binary data to ASCII in the UUEncode format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Encode the binary data to UUEncoded ASCII format
```

---
Title: '.b2a_uu()'
Description: 'Returns UUEncoded ASCII data from binary data.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Encoding'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Unicode'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.b2a_uu()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) returns ASCII data in the UUEncode format from binary data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.b2a_uu()`** [function](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/functions) returns a bytes object containing a string of ASCII characters in UUencoded format derived from the input binary data.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
binascii.b2a_uu(data, *, backtick=false)
```

> - `data`: The binary data to be UUEncoded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `data`: A bytes object containing the binary data to be encoded.
```

- `*`: This indicates that any arguments following it must be passed using keyword syntax.
- `backtick`: When set to True, it replaces zero bytes in the UUEncoded data with a backtick character `` (`) ``.

## Example

```py
import binascii

# Create binary data to encode
binaryData = b"some text"

# Encode the binary data to UUEncoded ASCII format
encodedData = binascii.b2a_uu(binaryData)

print(encodedData)
```

This produces the following output:

```shell
b')<V]M92!T97AT\n'

> ```

Reviewer 2: @runaroundontheground Please add below a codebyte example.
